Puzzle-Duel

Puzzle-Duel is a 2D match-3 puzzle game for two players. Players compete against each other to complete match-3 style puzzles and "damage" their adversary by taking away their HP. The first player to run out of 

Getting Started
To get started with Puzzle-Duel, follow these steps:

Clone the repository to your local machine.
Open the Unity project in the Unity Editor.
Open the "Scenes" folder and select the "Gameplay" scene.
Press the Play button in the Unity Editor to start the game.

Game Rules

In Puzzle-Duel players try to deplete each other's HP total or fill their enemy's board until to a breaking point.

The players select characters that possess unique abilities to work towards this end by activating abilities.

These abilities should be activated/generated by doing basic match 3 things such as matching & chaining, but we can also make use of mechanics that exist outside of this genre. One example of this would be a character that times button imputs with the rhythym of the background music. Another character could conjure massive blocks that their opponent would have to contend with. A character could possess the ability to limit/distort their cursor and/or their opponent's cursor.

Overall, match 3 is the basis of our game's genre. That said, we should seek to spice up the experience with outside-the-box ideas that give each character a unique feel and provide interesting obstacles for people to overcome.


Configuration
Puzzle-Duel is highly configurable. You can change various game settings, such as the size of the game board, the number of gem types, the minimum number of matches required, and the scoring system. You can also customize the game's audio and visual effects.

To configure Puzzle-Duel, open the config.json file in the Assets folder of the Unity project. Edit the settings in this file to customize the game to your liking.

Contributing
If you would like to contribute to Puzzle-Duel, please follow these steps:

Fork the repository on GitHub.
Clone the forked repository to your local machine.
Make your changes and commit them to a new branch on your local repository.
Push the changes to your forked repository on GitHub.
Create a pull request from your branch to the main branch of the original repository.
License
Puzzle-Duel is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.

Acknowledgments
Puzzle-Duel was inspired by other competitive match-3 puzzle games, such as Poekemon Puzzle League and Puzzle Fighter. Thanks to the Unity community for creating and sharing assets and resources for game development.



